Okay.
So here we discussed about the industry and packages right now.
Let's see how to call it out.
So it's open sublime text and.
It's never too simple.
Now, guys, let me show you my way of making graphs.
And this way it will be used a lot.
So whenever you are doing computer programming, you can easily make graphs using this way, right?
So what we do is we generally take a constant.
And.
Let's look at Berlin.
And this will be equal to the size of the number of nodes that we're going to have.
Right.
So let's if there's a graph and it has been said that there are only five edges.
So 25 nodes, right.
That means tainted by five nodes can be there.
So we make plus when we do it, we will say it is equal to 25 plus one.
Right.
Because not a number from when to when.
If I.
So.
If so, here I'll be taking a adjacency list of these nodes eight.
So I'm explaining all of this because it's my I think the first time I'm like in this course, the first
time I'm trying to choreograph.
Right.
So we will take this into list here.
So it will be a vector and so it will be an array of vectors.
Okay.
So a distance you have list.
A distance, your one will be in this graph one which is will be a vector eight.
So how many number of notes will be there?
It will be in their distance.
A list of what?
Right.
So cool.
So let's take this graph as an input first.
So.
It's remove input and output and how we used this seven already rate.
And how many ideas?
It is.
So what we do is firstly we have a number of nodes, then we have number of edges and after that.
We?
Take all their ideas and push them into their just in the list to make it up very easy.
But stages between one and two.
One in three.
Two Entry three.
So here, I'm telling you a simple way, right?
See, there can be various ways, but people do it.
They make classes, they make methods in the classes which will take input as a graph, perform to be
a first performer, DFS rate.
All of that is really good and it's like it's like an industry work and you are coding for some but
I think for some industry and all.
But here is what we are doing is we are trying to compete with people.
So what we do is we try to have.
We try to use most of their time in thinking not coding.
Right.
So we'll take more and code less.
So here we have the best ways to code a graph for computer programming.
Because it's very easy just to go and just insulate and push all that just into this place.
Right.
So what are the edges?
1.13, two, three.
Then we have a 2 to 4 edge.
Then we have 4 to 5 edge.
526526 edge.
6 to 7 inch and then we have seven to footage.
This will be an undetected graph.
Right.
So what didn't they and it up.
Already been discussed would say we can travel both ways.
Right?
So let's iterate over the end times and let's take edges as an input.
Cool.
Now, in a sea of x, I will simply push back by because by same two eggs and and dozens of I will simply
push back x.
Claes so in exile was back via and via push back X so here that complete input of graphics don't they.
So basically let me save this code, right.
Because I will only be using this code for all the graphics graph.
Input.
And yeah so grew would typically.
Put.
So let's open a new file.
The call it.
Now this is a good often but normal file where I have taken number of notes, number of edges and all
the edges as an input, push them into the edges.
Insulins that I have already created in the global level by have I created in the global level case
because they're performing a the first search which will be a function like although you can write functions
in mental by using lambda functions, but the better approach to the better approach for it will be
to write a separate method.
Right?
Good.
So here.
Here.
I'll be leading a normal DFS function.
Corinne will be my coroner where I'm on currently.
And there will be a.
It's okay and it's still not called parent.
So for now, let's ignore it and let's just wait current when the user pattern will come along.
I'll take it.
Good.
So, guys, what we do is photograph.
Let's see if it is connected.
It's a completely connected graph.
Then we can only then begin performative as from when we started.
One, two, three, four.
And any.
No.
Right.
But if the graph, if the graph was like broken into some smaller graphs, then we have to perform this
BFS from all the different notes.
Then we have to perform from all the nodes in the node is not visited.
Performative is right.
So if the graph was this case, then there would be slight change in our code.
Right?
So it's better to write.
It's like better to generalize everything for bigger cases, eh?
So.
What I'll do here is instead of writing, this will simply iterate from one to in.
And we will simply say DFS will simply say if not visited, if it is not visited in the DFS, then performative
is.
Ladies.
So if my graph was broken, then the DFS will be performed over all the graph.
Right.
So here, let me take one more.
Edit Go visit it again.
Now here's the use of and rate.
We have this constant indent, so whatever will be declaring it will be degrading for all the nodes
by using it in.
So it really helps us to like it really eases our use of code.
So here we are performing a DFS.
From when doing the performing or the Office and India.
This idea of what we do is firstly, when I go to any normal market visited, I say, okay, this has
been visited now.
And whenever I reach on a note, I implicit.
Let's go into Edison's list of current nodes, which is a graph of current.
And I simply say if it is not visited.
Then simply DFS X rides.
A very simple idea is there can't be anything simpler than this.
Hey, so it's the normality of this.
What I'm doing is when I'm moving to a node marking it visited and then going on its existing nodes
which were not visited.
So let's put in this first.
Let's see what is the output we are getting.
What is our place for?
And usually we are in one.
Then we go to do.
Then we go to three.
So let's come back here.
One, two, three.
Then I cannot go to one.
Right.
Because it was already visited.
Then I'll come back to two and then I'll go to four.
So I go to four.
Then I go to five, then six.
And then seven.
Daniel to five.
Then six.
And then seven.
See this?
The first traversal that I'm going from 1 to 2.
This completely depends on the way I'm taking it as then.
But mostly I have taken this idea since he has the input.
That is 1 to 2.
So that's where two is coming.
Frank two is coming above three because I have already inserted two before three and that just entails
for one.
If it was vice versa, let's, let's do it.
Vice versa.
One in three right now it's performative it's so as you can see three in do it also teams.
It completely depends on the way we have taken that input because here we are iterating over all the
edges.
NC list clears its anomaly.
If there's nothing done in this, if it is just a DFS photograph, good.
Now let's consider the cases four packages eight.
So what is the biggest case?
If I want to know, and I've got an niche which is pointing to a node which is already visited.
That means if I write LCA.
Hate writing elsewhere means that it's a Beckett's.
Agreeing or not.
Yes.
It's a package date.
That means if the node was visited, that means if it is already issued and it is currently in their
dispensing of the current node, that means this is a package that I'm facing.
So guys are very little problem.
The problem is that.
Very simple.
If I go from 1 to 2, then in two there will be this edge, which you'll be pointing to one eight.
So is this a package, guys, between one and two?
No.
Right.
This is not a package.
This is an edge between a parent and a child.
So always remember, a package cannot be between a parent and a child undetected growth rate.
It will always be between it's bit.
If I have some child, then it will always be between each child and sisters, not parents.
Right.
It's a parent.
Hold a special.
Oh.
They were in a special place in Lake Charles.
What?
For the soul.
Right.
So here we have this, too.
So this cannot be a Beckett.
You see what I mean from this is when.
If.
Let's say I only have this edge between one and two.
So an existential one I had pushed to add the sense you have to I pushed one.
Right.
So when I'm performing it to your face, firstly I'm on one, I go to two because I was not registered,
but from two I can easily see that one is visited.
Right, and one is the parent of this two.
So this cannot be a back edge, guys, because it is already visited and it's apparent.
Right.
So back edges are always between.
And sisters, not parents.
What I need to do here is I need to exclude it into a range of other.
Let's pass the bidding.
So for any note, if I'm starting a deficit, let's pass an imaginary bidding, which is a zero, right?
Zero cannot be a period of any note because all the notes are starting from one eight.
So let's let's say India will have written parent.
I'm passing a parent or whenever I perform a DFS X, if I'm going on X, the period becomes.
Karen becomes the new parent.
This is the career note.
I'm moving on to x.
So.
With the pain in forex there is no trade.
So here what else?
If X is not equal to spirit?
Right.
What does this mean?
What does this elusive mean?
It is not visited.
So it is visited.
And it is also not equal to Benin.
That means I got a package.
So let's see.
What are the back edges that I get in my above graph?
So let's see out current index.
So they will be back as we were doing current index late.
So.
Um.
Yeah.
So double.
So here what we have is we have got a back edge between two in one, as we can see from when I go to
three Diego to and from today.
Okay.
Let me bring that to.
So from when I went to three, then I went to two.
So this is a graph here, guys.
One, two, three, three, two, two.
And then from two I can see there is a backwards which is being pointed to one.
Now I've got a baggage you need that is from 2 to 1.
Now, I'm not reversing one, right?
I'm not going to do one because it is already busy.
I'm just printing the baggage.
So I've got a four, I got a five, I got a six.
I got seven at eight.
So I would have four, five, six and seven.
So I'm going to four.
I'm going to five, going to six.
Going to seven.
Then from seven, I can see I've got a package.
And what is this package, guys?
This package is pointing to.
This is finding between seven and four, right.
So this is the Bakers.
And then.
So then from seven I come back to six, come back to five, come back to four.
And then from four days, another eight, which is pointing to seven.
Right.
And it has visited.
So this is, again, a baggage rate.
So these are.
Great.
Now tell me.
And now here we are getting a very important thing.
Very, very, very important thing.
If you notice, it will really help you a lot.
So this tell me is 4 to 7 objects.
Of course, the age between four and seven is a bit scary.
But if I specifically say that 4 to 7 is a package.
No sort of is right.
Why?
Because this is not pointing somewhere backwards.
See?
724 is a package.
Don't get confused.
I'm talking about.
I'm just making some special case about director graphs right here.
We're talking about connected groups, but right now, I'm just making some special guesses just to
make you understand little things.
Note to tell me if 4 to 7 is a back right, this 4 to 7 is a package.
a3724 is a package degree, but 4 to 7 is not a back.
It is not pointing.
So I'm going backwards.
Right.
When did I get 4 to 7 days?
Because when I from four I went to five, six, seven.
I got this package.
I went back.
Like the equation unfolded.
And then from here I'm getting and advertising 4 to 7 is the baggage rate, but 4 to 7 is not the package.
Right, because it is not pointing backwards.
Cool.
So how will I determine that?
What is a package in media history?
Right.
So so guys, clearly being very frank here, I would say that it completely first of all, it completely
depends on the route, knowing that what are the packages, what other directions of the packages.
Right.
So if I'm going so I'm going backwards, it will be a package.
If I'm not going somewhere backwards, I'm going somewhere forward which has already been visited.
But it is not pointing backwards.
That means it's not a package.
Right.
So I hope this part is clear then.
Like how to find packages for undirected graphs.
Right.
So these are this interconnected graph and we are printing packages.
So if I want to detect signal in this graph, then I can simply say this is true.
And.
I can.
This actually goes to group.
Sorry.
In Italy I would say it is false.
I have not found a second and if even I word even a single package guys, that means I will say single
is true.
And after performing this DFS, I will simply say if cycle C out.
Yes.
Cycle found.
Right else.
See out.
Not found.
Right.
So.
Yeah.
Yes.
So we have got to cycle here because we have got one baggage.
We have got many baggage, but we have got at least one baggage.
That's what matters.
Right.
So this is about undirected graph, guys.
These are these.
This is about baggage.
Isn't undirected graphs.
After this bill we're talking about, baggage is in detector graphs so that we can easily understand
the strongly connected components algorithms.
Nate.
And after this, what we'll be doing is baggage is graphs.
And after that, we will be completing articulation.
Boynton Bridges, which will be using dynamic programming over trees.
Made the anime programming in graphs, which is also completed using the inventory only.
So DFC is the main main personnel which will help us understand various different algorithms in graphs.
Cool guys.
So a short sexual addiction algorithm for an addictive drug which will help you understand what is the
baggage rate.
So great.
See you in the next part.